but one part of aging has affected you
the additional grooming that is required
I like to groom the wealthy are you you
must be already pleased all over well
yes you get have you if you've gotten a
little oh no really
well you're younger you got a young man
I like to take a tweezer what do you do
I like to take a tweezer and get the odd
hair out of here oh I need a fly mo it's
just I don't want to shave it you know
that's an option I like to get them out
at the root and I kind of like weeding
it's like the the thrill of we the
delight of weeding because you get that
thing and you you're clean as a whistle
look at that it's nice if you can dig I
got it I got it so there's that and then
there's nose the nose issue I how about
a bit of a have you what's your may I
ask it's a trivial and mundane and not
interesting thing but what I ask you cuz
I'm interested in it it's like you would
imagine I do which is pubes
you don't lock them out you have you
have quite an odd technique I think no I
don't pluck about nobody plays so you're
not unique serious about that when he's
on his bike in there no I had for a
second I had somebody given me because
you can buy one of those yeah you do
it's meant to it's kind of a rolling
thing and you go zoos and you go like I
don't trust it and I'm much better with
a pair of scissors I take a nice pair of
scissors well not to get too detailed
but here I take my razor I take my
Gillette number to this part right here
I dad very carefully because you can get
it very close and then there's something
going on here and all around there and I
got a scissor and there I am and I just
like to do and this happens now about
once a week I'd say yes I get I get I I
guess I'm living you know I well it
looks good on you it looks good recently
so it's it's quite quite good isn't yeah
it was good
[Applause]
[Music]
you